Tweak select dropdowns in incident list table footer (#1393)
Uninett/Argus: changelog.d/1393.changed.md

> Tweak select dropdowns in incident list table footer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Made select dropdowns in incident list table footer more consistent with rest of footer
```

Author: fixed
